by that late starting an issue suggested in some media
j me the technical director
because you find how
Yes the player is a colleague Joris Mathijsen who earn so much more
then earn the rest
the same reluctance between against but it is the other way around players are angry that
is pertinent
just what is your a woman in this
and no, then what is brought out is true it was all for nothing
actually all nonsense actually
I myself am also a separate whole day last week actually appointed that
that state has come out ever more
yes but the nicest cause actually in the dressing room or in the
group or can join the club
suppose that is not the case at all, his name
I just treated it to one and I'm actually with Stefan together
been a flaring and this for each other
yes that's right and then we've put it out
that it is nonsense that the that is so has come out
It is pertinently untrue that the hassle would be making the selection over several
salaries
Yes for sure
Below you will find things like this
yes you know of course remkes ibou the media is only years for us
of course a bit disturbing I think
everyone could return the club's own time yesterday and the most annoying after one
similar yes a bit of course at that time
something to come to the winter circus but window
while it is actually as a group, it was simply put in thermal mouth as well
for the room it says that all of it is also not true and that there is
no restlessness with changing rooms last question about this I look like one
recommendation for the main character joris mathijsen himself
yes know for sure after having also indicated where he is from the one on behalf of the group too
natural the town of lukla
all nonsense of course to also call us winners such things
of course everyone knows that it did a little bother me and
yes or solace to talk
I think I am the children's concert
let's talk about other things that do not come with orange
what do you think of that
That will of course I am of course always knew that Gaga likes orange
but it is still a net profit of the national coach and the cooper
stock up on some and the press that they are not the only thing that matters to me
sir gaal said i have been looking at him before you can find him
in the fact that he is the friend
that you are less in shape then
ten years of finding well I know I also think that I am the last match
yes actually not the game actually what i do what i can
maybe I could just give him a slightly lesser phase
and it is also just about myself for months now mandarin on top of in the
actually, and just again the games actually play weird
yes that person actually played a lot with there are many good matches
I am not that you then doubt
you can set yourself apart if it goes less
they certainly do not have that I have there
I never doubted and I will not do that if I am a couple in the
play competitions
On the one hand it was a matter of being self-employed every other year
because to focus properly and to train well for months and then
The brand itself comes cozy
the demolition there
Hit the home games that are going to play now because you are in the top games
takes fewer points than in the previous competition
year at this club always naturally busy at all
of course assen when you play at home
yes from the last seven games big the five play at home and everyone
know it in those competitions definitely have to grab points and
nas team what do they think differently about that
we have a tight fit to show it on
the upcoming matches